well I had either internet people it's
Bo again so here we are in the fast-food
line I got to be honest I'm a little
worried right now they asked me to pull
forward pretty sure that they think I'm
a cop
so I'm worried my anxiety level has been
raised and I feel like that felt like
that officer that posted that video
earlier because you know they they did
you know that they they took my money
and asked me to pull forward and that's
never happened that's not something that
happens just because they're busy they
must be up to no good they must be up to
something nefarious
they must be out to get me because of
how I look
I imagine the fear that I'm feeling
right now
is a fraction of what black Americans
feel when they get pulled over and they
have to sit there and wait while their
tags get ran before they get to find out
whether or not the cop that walks up to
the window is going to be somebody who
fears for their life
the that anxiety level that that officer
has that may be an indication that she
needs to take a leave of absence if you
have that much anxiety over waiting in
line at a fast-food joint for an Egg
McMuffin perhaps you shouldn't be on the
streets armed I feel like that leveling
of anxiety that level of fear may cause
someone to fear for their life in a
situation where you know they really
shouldn't where it's not a rational fear
and that may lead to tragic consequences
it's probably time to take a leave of
absence to get off the street to put
that gun away you don't want to hurt
anybody you know for all I know this
officer may be one of the few good
apples you know and yeah if that's the
case I imagine it's pretty bad
to be
subjected to a stereotype based on how
you look
based on your uniform but I want to
point out that law enforcement has been
subjected to this negative bias for a
couple of weeks and you have officers
and those associated with law
enforcement posting videos of themselves
crying or videos of full-blown meltdowns
to social media imagine if that negative
bias had existed for hundreds of years
imagine if that negative bias wasn't due
to a uniform that you could take off
whenever you want it to but was due to
your skin tone this should be a wake-up
moment for law enforcement because it
the anxiety level yeah I'm sure it's
real I'm sure there are people who are
genuinely nervous right now who are
genuinely upset who are genuinely
worried but to be honest most of America
right now it's just like well I mean
it's really bad that you fit the
description anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day